Bluntly stripped down (forked) to the rightful minimum expression from https://github.com/skilld-labs/go-odoo

# go-odoo

A Odoo API client enabling Go programs to interact with Odoo in a simple and uniform way.

## NOTE

Release v0.0.1 (released on 26-07-2017).

## Coverage

This API client package covers all basic functions from the odoo API.
This include all calls to the following services :

- [x] Login
- [x] Create
- [x] Update
- [x] Delete
- [x] Search
- [x] Read
- [x] SearchRead
- [x] SearchCount
- [x] DoRequest

Services listed above are basic low-level functions from Odoo API, there accessible by any client.

There also are high-level functions based on these low-level functions. Each model has its own functions.
Actually we got:

- [x] GetIdsByName
- [x] GetByIds
- [x] GetByName
- [x] GetAll
- [x] Create
- [x] Update
- [x] Delete

Direct model bindings and api functions can be automatically generated by the `model2types.py`, `model2api.py` files
in combination with a `models.csv`.

## Usage

```go
import "github.com/xoes/go-odoo/api"
```

You have to construct a new client.

```go
	c := api.Config{"http://localhost:8069", nil, nil}
	client, err := c.NewClient()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err.Error())
	}
	s := api.Session{"dbName", "user", "password"}
	err = c.Login(s)
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Prinln(err.Error())
	}
```

If you want to generate your own model bindings, you have to generate a models.csv file with the following
export structure: `id	model	field_id/name ` directly taken from the `ir_model_model` table.
Put this file in the same file as the python scripts, then, you generate all models with the python command
```python
python model2types.py
python model2api.py
```
Those commands will create as many files as you defined models in the `models.csv` in `./api` and `./types`, 
respectively.

```bash
go build
```
and you should be good to go...

# Examples

This is an example of how to create a new sale order (after loading bindings from your database):

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/xoes/go-odoo/api"
)

func main() {
	c, err := api.NewClient("http://localhost:8069", nil)
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err.Error())
	}
	err = c.Login("dbName", "admin", "password")
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err.Error())
	}
	//get the sale order service
	s := api.NewSaleOrderService(c)
	//call the function GetAll() linked to the sale order service
	so, err := s.GetAll()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err.Error())
	}
	fmt.Println(so)
}
```

## ToDo

- Tests
- New Odoo API functions (ex: report printing)

## Issues

- If you have an issue, please report it on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/xoes/go-odoo/issues)

## Contributors

Antoine Huret (<huret.antoine@yahoo.fr>)

Jean-Baptiste Guerraz (<jbguerraz@gmail.com>)
